All right let's continue with this root function.
So we just reached the next date which is a very good step done.
But now the problem is that the next date is actually the index of the row where we have to go that
is the index of the row corresponding to the next location where we have to go and we would like a letter
and therefore to get a letter.
We have to make an inverse mapping from this dictionary.
This is a dictionary mapping to location in letter to the location an index that is the state.
And what we want to do is the inverse mapping mapping the state an index to the location in letter.
And it's good that we're doing this because in versing a mapping is something you will often do and
therefore you have to know the trick on how to convert a mapping very efficiently in just one line of
code.
You know we won't do the inverse mapping manually as we just did here.
So let's do this let's get the trick.
All right.
And as I said in the previous Etoile in the end we're going to make that inverse mapping dictionary
separte you know we don't have to do it inside the function.
Let's leave the core of the function to what it has to do essentially and let's make the axonal tools
we need separately.
All right.
And therefore here we're going to make something new.
We're going to make therefore a mapping from the states to the locations and therefore we're going to
introduce a new dictionary that obviously we're going to go state to location because this is dictionary
mapping the states and indexes to the locations in letters.
And so now the trick to inverse mapping is the following.
So since we're still making a dictionary.
Well we have to include brackets here because remember a dictionary has to be created inside brackets
as opposed to for example list which is created inside square brackets.
So we start with brackets inside as brackets.
We're going to populate the following couple of key identifier and value which here has to be state
as the key identifier and location as a value.
We're going to populate that in a full hoop that will go over each of the location and state.
Inside this dictionary.
And since you know we already specified that the state goes as a key identifier and the location goes
is the value.
Well we'll get automatically this inversed dictionary.
And so now what we have to do is just make that for loop that will go over all the locations and the
states in.
Well our previous dictionary which is location to state and now to get these locations and states Well
we have to call something from this dictionary which is the items the items which is actually some sort
of attribute of dislocation to state dictionary.
So basically location to state that items don't forget parenthesis will return exactly the location
and state.
Inside this dictionary.
All right.
And therefore since we managed to get the location and the state and here that we made the right order
with the state as the key and fire and the location as the value.
Well we'll get exactly this inverse dictionary.
I can actually show you what you want.
Let's execute this.
I just selected this line and now execute press control.
And the four next are Windows users and command plus and two for Mac users.
So here we go.
All right.
State location dictionaries created.
And now that's just call it press enter.
And here we go.
We have exactly what we wanted.
That is a dictionary mapping.
This time the state indexes to the locations and therefore right now since we have the next date well
we'll be able to get the next location in letter by just calling this new state to location dictionary
that we just got with the next date.
And that will give us the next location.
So perfect Let's therefore finish this root function in the next Tauriel.
You're going to see that we're going to finish this very easily.
And then finally we'll get to the very exciting step of checking if indeed we get the optimal route.
All right.
I can't wait until then.
Enjoy AI.